docs: add readme (#1)
geprog/lassie-bot-dog: README.md

# Lassie

> :dog: Lassie loves :hotdog: `s and her doghouse is in the garden of Gitlab,
 but as a Rough Collie she has more to offer:

> - She can check your progress on Merge-Requests, merge them and give you a little treat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- She can check your progress on Merge-Requests, merge them and hand out treats for diligent contributors
```
